Viewers like you make
this program possible.
Support your local PBS station.
Go forth from this world and
the love of God who created you.
In the mercy of Jesus Christ.
who redeemed you in the power
of the Holy Spirit
who strengthens you.
May you dwell this day in peace.
My dream.
I think I've cracked it.
The bed. I'm praying.
Oh. the one
where someone's dying.
The thing is.
I don't think anyone
is dying.
that's not what it's about.
It's about looking to the light.
It's God telling me to...
to walk in the light with him.
And so. with the light of God
in mind. you've made...
Shepherd's pie.
Shepherd's pie. right?
For Raymond and Marcus.
You trying to speed
a dying man along Alphy?
You can't feed him that.
Roast beef.
All the trimmings.
Raymond's favourite.
That's very kind of you. Mrs C.
See. I'd best get over.
No doubt there's a pile
of washing waiting for me.
Leonard. you're a wonderful man.
But it's what we do. isn't it?
God's work?
Er...
I don't mean to intrude. Alphy.
But you're going to anyway.
All this with your mother.
your brother.
Go on. just say it.
-What?
-I told you so.
No. I would never.
That's an awful thing to say.
It must be a terrible shock.
Mrs C.
thank you for your concern.
But I'm fine. Honestly.
They're not my family.
Not really.
You are.
And Leonard. and...
and Geordie. and the church.
This... this is where
I'm meant to be.
Grantchester.
I did tell you.
though. didn't I?
Can. er...
Don't even ask.
Ask what?
Can you sew this for me?
Yeah. But can you.
though. please?
For the last time.
I'm not a seamstress.
I'm a businesswoman who's up
to her eyes in order forms
and invoices that don't add up.
You nervous?
No.
How many ciggies have you had?
Five.
You're nervous.
I hate this kind of thing. Cath.
-You know. hobnobbing.
-Hmm.
You know. making small talk
with the bosses.
Trying to remember
the names of their wives.
How can I never
remember their names?
Linda. Bertha. Marjorie. Clara.
That's what I'll be there for.
I'll distract them
with some jolly chat.
You can do the rounds.
then we'll sneak home.
put on our Jim Jams. job done.
There's Linda. Bertha.
Marjorie.
-Clara!
-Clara.
Mmm.
What would I do without you?
I'm not sewing that button.
-Worth a try.
-Yeah.
Morning. How are you?
I'm fine.
How are you?
You still haven't
told Larry. have you?
I'm waiting
for the right moment.
He'll get the shock of his life
when you come home
from the shops one day
with a sack of spuds under one
arm and a baby under the other.
When are you going to tell Alphy
about the promotion?
Well. I'm just...
waiting for the right moment.
He'll get the shock of his life
when he turns up
to play detective one day
and you're off hobnobbing
with the top brass.
-Morning. boss.
-Morning.
Just tell him.
-Just tell him then.
Oh. what's all this?
There's a thing this evening.
It's a do. Yeah. boring drinks.
-Nothing special.
-Mm.
-Can I come?
-No.
I was only joking.
Cambridgeshire Police.
-I'm fine. by the way.
-Good.
Just in case you were gonna ask.
I wasn't. but...
I had the dream again.
That bloody dream.
It's all this upset
with your mother.
-Mira.
-Sorry.
-No. no. it's good.
I feel really good about it all.
I feel like. uh.
well. I feel like
doing God's work.
And so you came here.
Well. this is God's work.
-You're at a loose end.
-A little bit.
-You want a lunchtime pint?
We got a body. boss.
Sounds like one of your lot.
My lot?
Poor guy.
-I'm sure I've seen him before.
-Where?
I don't know. I can't
put my finger on it.
Hmm... there's no obvious
marks on him. no blood.
He's soaking wet.
Has he taken a dunk in there?
Do you think he was drowned?
And then what?
Someone dragged him up here
and left his body.
No drag marks on the ground.
Been here a few hours
by the looks of it.
King James.
Bible is a bible. isn't it?
Well. my congregation
uses the New English version.
King James
is the traditional version.
New English is the more modern.
more natural.
So. this fella
liked things old fashioned then.
Mm.
"Bishop Grey..."
Bishop Grey cordially
invites the clergymen
off the Ely Diocese
to a weekend retreat
"on the theme of Christian
Relevance in the Modern Age."
Christian Relevance?
There's an oxymoron.
if ever I heard one.
A space for reflection
and spiritual renewal.
It's at the bishop's palace.
It's happening this weekend.
It's happening now.
You know about this?
No. I didn't get an invite.
So how come he's got one?
If this is the Bishop's house.
I'm in the wrong game.
I've never seen so many.
Not all in one place.
Now it looks like the Bishop's
invited everyone.
Except you. Alphy.
Alphy. my boy.
Ugh.
Excuse me.
Alphy.
My lord.
Gentlemen.
Right vicar's tea party
you got going here. hmm?
A spiritual retreat.
For?
Well. a select few of
the Bishop's favourite vicars.
It's so nice to see you
made the list too. Alphy.
How are you?
New. interesting fact about me.
I've learned to play the guitar.
Not now. David.
No.
Odd you didn't receive
your invitation. Alphy.
Yes. very odd.
Lost in the post maybe.
Well. you're here now.
come and get yourself a sherry.
I'm sure we can find you
a spare room somewhere.
Oh. well. thank you.
I would invite you
to stay. Constable Keating...
Inspector Keating.
I remember. Very well.
And Constable Peters?
-Sergeant.
-Yeah. he's a sergeant now.
-Vicar.
-Bishop.
He's a bishop.
He knows very well.
I'm afraid there's going to have
to be a pause to proceedings.
A body was found
not a mile from here
in suspicious circumstances.
And on that body was a Bible.
And an invitation to this event.
So you have a dead man
with a clearly stolen Bible.
I think this is a classic case
of "must do better." Constable.
That was rude.
You stay here
and keep your ear to the ground.
Well. you can't
seriously think...
You can't seriously think this
death was down to one of them.
They're vicars.
And I've known an awful lot
of vicars.
Me too.
You look out
for anything suspicious.
Well. there won't be anything
suspicious to look out for.
Then we'll rule out
a few suspects. won't we?
Just find out what you can.
Enjoy your boring work do.
Likewise.
Hmm. not too much. though.
Hi.
The boy's an amateur.
I've been relegated
to the servant's quarters.
That's a shame.
It really isn't.
Everywhere I look.
there's a vicar.
We're not that bad. are we?
Not that bad?
Let's see. There's Jerry.
who stinks of cigarettes.
and existential angst.
Andrew. who believes he's God's
gift to womankind.
and then there's David.
He's learning the guitar.
So I hear.
I'd say enjoy. but he's
planning a recital later.
Oh.
-How's your mum?
-Well. um...
Oh. I'm sorry.
How was your date?
Dull as dishwater.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Are you?
-Not particularly.
-Alphy.
Try not to annoy him.
No promises.
John will show you to your room.
Have you met Mr Kottaram. John?
Haven't had the pleasure.
Alphy. Please. How do you do?
John Planer is going to be
our new vicar in Fen Ditton.
Recently returned from a mission
in Tanganyika.
Wow.
Showing African orphans
the way of our heavenly Father.
Tell them how many
baptisms you did.
Oh. gosh. Hard to say.
Somewhere in the 50s.
An extraordinary achievement.
-Shall we?
-Yeah.
This place. hey?
I bet the cost of running
it could feed
100 people in Tanganyika.
Oh. and the rest.
Did you hear about the body?
I did. yes.
Awful business.
Were you here this morning?
With the Bishop.
He and I prayed together.
You're checking
my alibi. aren't you?
-Sorry. I didn't mean to.
-Don't apologise.
I've heard all about
your criminal endeavours.
But it certainly makes a change
from the tedious chitchat
thus far.
-How's he been?
-Awful. Everyone to a man
tried to curry favour
with the Bishop.
Well. I won't be doing that.
Glad to hear it.
He's put you in the box room.
Of course he has.
Have mine.
Oh. You sure?
I have a feeling
it'll annoy him.
Good luck with the sleuthing.
Go easy on us vicars.
I see.
Thank you very much. Bye.
Coroner.
Water in his lungs.
Poor man drowned.
But he wasn't found
in the water.
Must mean someone drowned him
and then left him
where anyone could find him.
It doesn't make any sense.
Larry.
You know how we always tell
each other everything?
I knew it.
I knew I recognised him.
Been in here. drunk. a fair
few times over the years.
He was always causing trouble
at one of the churches.
He's homeless.
Martin Mallon.
See what I can find on him.
All of a sudden.
she pops the question.
-I didn't know what to do.
-Really?
So I said to her.
I said. "Mavis.
this is the third proposal
of marriage I've had this year."
-Alphy.
-Incorrigible.
Poor woman.
She was terribly upset.
But what's the chap to do?
What's the betting Mavis
is in her 80s?
So. what brought you back
to England?
Well. he'd had enough
of the Lord's work in Africa.
It was time we British
had his light shine upon us.
Yes.
Did I mention I've been learning
the guitar?
Several times. David.
So. old chap. what are your
ideas for relevance?
-Er. relevance?
-In Grantchester.
We've all been asked to pitch
our ideas. I have a plethora.
Andrew certainly does.
Well. as you know. last year I
hosted an Easter family service.
Fifty souls saved in Africa.
Versus some choccy eggs.
Sounds fun.
It was great fun.
I'm so sorry. Er...
I just... Sorry.
Might I have a word. My Lord?
-Of course.
-Um. in private if I may?
If you must.
Let's go to my office. Jerry.
I have been toying with the idea
of an a cappella choir.
Oh. goodness me.
leave the poor man alone.
Your nose will be
browner than his
at the rate you're carrying on.
Say that again.
Music. Music is the key
to evangelism. I'm telling you.
Heaven forbid.
we're not gonna have to listen
to John of the jungle
bleating on are we?
Well. let's just hope
there's some exotic
totty on display. eh?
Otherwise. this is going
to be interminable.
Oh. don't you look lovely.
Is that a button hanging up?
Yes.
Don't look at me.
I'm gonna be late at this rate.
And Cathy
will be waiting for me.
Do we have
the postmortem back yet?
All in hand. Boss. should be
with us first thing tomorrow.
Maybe I could pull the thread
through or something.
Is that the phone?
Better get the phone.
You've only got
yourself to blame.
Why did you let Larry
anywhere near you?
You can talk.
But. Christ on a bike.
-You're nervous. aren't you?
-No.
How many ciggies have you had?
None of your business.
You really want this job.
don't you?
Tell Larry about the baby.
You really want this job.
And now you're terrified.
I'm right. aren't I?
You generally are. Miss Scott.
You generally are.
Honestly. it's hard
to get through a service
-without propositioning me.
-Jeremy.
-Can I have a word?
-I bet you have your
fair share of admirers.
Alphy old boy.
In your congregation. I mean.
Uh. well. I don't really. erm...
-Fish in that pond?
-No.
Sensible.
Gloria bakes me endless cakes.
and Cynthia is very forthcoming
with the crochet.
scarves. gloves. you name it.
And then. of course.
there's Vera.
Every time
I look across the pews.
I see her hanging
off my every word with such...
adoration.
If you'll excuse me.
Yeah. of course.
Just because there's a pond
doesn't mean
you have to fish. Andrew.
Just a thought.
Not here.
I'm sorry.
I thought you said...
There was just too many people.
Huh.
Well. you're missing a button.
I'm aware of that. Thank you.
Inspector Keating.
Very smart.
Not the only ones
with fancy getup.
If I or my clergy
had any information
that could assist you
with your inquiries.
I... they would have
already come forward.
Is that so?
I of all people know
how precious your time is.
How thoughtful of you.
As leaders of the church
and leaders
of the state respectively.
we must be judicious with
where we place our energies.
I could not agree more.
Shall we. gentlemen?
I won't keep you. Bishop.
I know how precious
your time is.
Tell me about the soggy dress.
-Cassock.
-Cassock?
We didn't do anything.
Not really.
-Well. not me anyway. Well.
-David!
I'm gonna ask
one more time. fellas.
then I'm afraid
it's down the station.
Imagine what the Bishop
would think.
Andrew got into a fight
with Martin Mallon.
It wasn't a fight.
What was it. then?
I was on my way here
when Martin appeared.
-He followed you. then?
-I don't know.
I told him I didn't
wish to speak to him.
Why not?
Martin owed me money.
My church had given him
a donation.
a sizable donation.
And...
for one reason
or another. I need it back.
It's a funny kind of donation.
One where you ask for it back.
It was a large sum.
given without my knowledge.
You said needed.
What did you need the money for?
I may have slightly overspent
on the ministry budget.
Eighteen karat gold chalices
tend to have that effect.
Out of anger.
upset. he pushed me
in the river.
Mr Mallon
pushed you in the river?
-Yes.
-Not the other way round.
No. he was already
soaked to the skin.
-Why?
-I didn't stop to ask.
You didn't think he might have
needed your help.
Andrew's not the only one
to have suffered
under Martin Mallon.
He's been a nuisance
to many a vicar in the diocese.
And you?
Where do you come
into all of this?
I just tried and failed
to hide Andrew's cassock.
And why would you
do that for him?
We read theology together.
Andrew is a good man
despite a few wrong turns
here and there.
That's what we do.
We look after one another.
don't we?
Not at the expense of the truth.
Bloody vicars.
Took the words
right out of my mouth.
-Thanks for your time.
-You're welcome.
Of course.
Most of them have an alibi.
though I'm starting to forget
which ones I've spoken to.
they all look alike to me.
How is it that a drowned man
got into a fight.
walked into the woods
and then died?
Could be delayed drowning.
Could be. Larry.
Could be.
Delayed drowning?
Water gets in the lungs.
He walks away. fine and dandy.
Then bam. an hour later.
dead as a doornail.
I think
you're on to something. Larry.
Nothing gets past me these days.
Er. we got a name. by the way.
the fella who used
to bring Martin Mallon
into the police station
when he was short of a place
to sleep. he was a vicar.
You know a Reverend Jerry?
I know a Jerry.
He's here.
Let's have a word then.
shall we?
I'll do it.
Cathy will be waiting.
I can keep looking
into things here.
You've got to do to get to.
Enjoy your evening
being patronised
by boring old duffers.
Likewise. Geordie. Likewise.
God forgive me.
Why do you need forgiveness?
Oh. it's silly. really.
You knew Martin Mallon.
You'd offload him on the police.
wouldn't you. Jerry?
He came to my church
a few times.
I pride myself
on a warm environment
where anyone is welcome.
But Mr Mallon...
was often times difficult.
In what way?
He was unkempt. drank heavily.
So you called the police on him.
At least that way
I knew he had a roof
over his head for the night.
You could have found him
a roof over his head.
I tried my best to help him.
but his problems were beyond
my faculties.
Truthfully. I was overwhelmed.
He would come to my house.
I think he stole my invitation.
followed me here.
Did you hurt him. Jerry?
No!
I just...
I just told him
to leave me alone.
Did it ever occur to you that
he was crying out for your help?
I have never felt more guilt or
sorrow for anything in my life.
If I'd helped him. none of this
would have happened.
I even tried to speak
to the Bishop about it.
You spoke to the Bishop?
Of course.
The Bishop will forgive me.
won't he?
He's forgiven far worse.
Precious.
P-R-E-C...
I-O-U-S.
Excellent.
Can we have a game
of cricket now. please?
We most certainly can.
Why don't you go
and set up the wickets.
and I'll be along
in just a jiffy?
Now. is there anything else
I can get for you. Marcus?
I'm gonna die.
I'm going to die a sinner.
I've done terrible things.
broken moments left and right.
We're all sinners. Marcus.
But God loves us anyway.
I promise you he forgives.
He does.
But you mustn't fear death
because you're going home
to the Lord.
It's not death that scares me.
Who's gonna love my son?
There's no one
to watch out for him.
To see him safe.
to see him happy.
makes me so damn angry.
Raymond will be taken care of.
-You can't promise that.
-I bloody well can and I will.
I'll see he's safe.
I'll see he's happy.
How?
I don't know. I'll...
I'll find a way.
One day.
he's gonna forget me. Leonard.
He could never forget you.
He's a part of you.
and you're a part of him.
You made him who he is.
A lovely little boy with...
a wonderful naughty streak
and a vicious kick.
He can never forget you.
You're his whole world.
And that world will live on.
It'll wrap him up in love.
even if you can't anymore.
Oh. hello.
How are you?
-Er. Keating?
-Hmm?
Me?
Well. who else?
Ta very much.
How are you?
Oh. you know.
it's a bit of a tricky case
on at the moment. but...
But somehow Inspector Keating
always solves it.
-Something like that.
-You know something about it.
I've always
admired you. Keating.
You have?
Your work. your dedication
and loyalty
to the force over the years
has been nothing but exemplary.
But thank God we finally got you
out of that terrible suit.
Don't tell them I told you.
But the higher ups
are all very much on board
for your promotion.
It's a done deal. Keating.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. sir.
It's only what you deserve.
And if you ask me
where you belong.
Now. why haven't you got
a glass in your hand?
Excuse me. Excuse me.
One for you
and one for your beautiful wife.
Where is Mrs Keating?
Oh. she'll be along
any minute now.
Let me introduce you to my wife.
Clara.
Clara. Yes. very good.
Well remembered.
Clara. you remember...
You could reach £500 in sales
before you know it.
Will we?
Well. the rate you're going.
What will you do
when you reach a thousand?
Oh. I don't know.
Party. balloons.
I could jump out
of a big old cake if you like.
Ta-da!
You're a card. you are.
Seriously though.
Where would you like to be
at the end of all this?
Oh. Are you carting me off
to the knackers yard already?
Mm. hardly.
No. I'm just interested.
Once you've made your fortune.
where do you see yourself?
Geordie and I always talked
about retiring by the coast.
hobbling along Brighton Pier.
sharing a pot of cockles.
I didn't ask about Geordie.
I asked about Cathy.
What's Cathy's dream?
I read an article
in Vogue recently.
No. it's ridiculous.
No. no. come on. try me.
There was this photograph
of a woman. a red dress.
a corded silk hat.
Colosseum popping out
from behind her shoulder.
It was beautiful.
That's where I'd like to go.
Rome.
It doesn't sound
ridiculous at all.
In fact.
I'd put money on it happening.
Vino. signora?
Oh. no. not for me. Thank you.
Well. we can't leave
a half drunk bottle.
Sacrilege. that is.
Go on. then. One more.
That's mine.
It's nice.
It's. er...
Well. it's silky.
I don't know what you
want me to say to that.
Um...
This is my room.
I think you'll find it's mine.
Oh.
And that's my...
Er. sorry.
-So why are you...
-In my room?
Again. I wasn't aware of that.
I forgot my toothbrush.
-Well. this was...
-Wasn't it?
Meg?
What do you think of these men?
I try not to. if I'm honest.
Do you trust them?
Of course.
Apart from Andrew. he's a letch.
Your father.
he trusts them. though?
You know.
it's very difficult to do this
when you're partially clothed.
Sorry.
No. you're not.
All I know is Dad's tense
at the moment.
Something's worrying him.
He's on the phone nonstop.
holed up in his office.
I don't know what's going on.
Don't go rooting around
in my drawers. chest.
Chest of drawers.
I wouldn't dream of it.
Evening.
I'm so sorry.
How did it go?
Mm. got the promotion.
We should celebrate.
That's what tonight
was meant to be.
-I lost track of time.
-You're drunk.
-I've had a few glasses.
-And the rest.
Who were you with?
Just me.
I thought you were working.
I was.
-I was working.
-With a bottle of wine.
I thought you'd be pleased
not to have my paperwork
all over the kitchen table.
I waited for you.
-I'm sorry.
-No. you're not.
No. you're not.
You said you didn't
even want to go.
You said you hate all that
hobnobbing and small talk.
I do.
That's why I wanted you there.
Tonight was a big night. Cath.
It was the biggest night
of my bloody career.
You couldn't even be bothered.
Oh. hiccups.
Just go to bed. Cath.
Good night then. love.
Please join me in prayer.
Lord. in your mercy.
Hear our prayer.
God of mercy.
Lord. meet us in the silence.
Hear our prayer.
I'm sorry to disturb you.
You could never disturb me.
How are you. Jen?
Uh. pregnant.
Oh.
Oh!
Larry must be over the moon.
Someone to play
risk with finally.
I haven't told him yet.
Why not?
I want him to be over the moon.
I want to be over
the moon for myself.
I really do.
A baby
will end my career. Leonard.
The truth will have to come out
about mine and Larry's marriage.
It's the end of my life
as I know it.
I can't pretend to know
the first thing
about being a parent.
But I do know a little
about losing a career.
Perhaps try and think of it
not as what you'll lose.
but what you'll gain.
It's a gift. Jen.
Enjoy it.
And perhaps let Larry
enjoy it. too.
You're a wise man.
Leonard Finch.
I doubt that very much.
What was this place
thinking letting you go?
The very least. we had a good...
Blimey.
Hi.
Are you having fun?
You know. it's very difficult
to do this
when you're partially clothed.
-Sorry.
-No. you're not.
Your pool.
Is this water
chlorinated or fresh?
This conversation is riveting.
It's chlorinated. Alphy.
The water in Martin's lungs.
Good morning to you. too.
What kind of water was it?
Water's water. isn't it?
Oh. and you need to find
someone in Tanganyika.
The British High Commission.
About the water?
No. About a cover up.
Well. Christ on a bike.
Just the clergyman
we were looking for.
Gentlemen.
Rumour had it you'd escaped.
I was quite jealous.
May I take a look at your Bible?
You don't have one of your own?
King James.
Just like Martin's.
You gave it to him. didn't you?
We checked
with the High Commission.
Three unexplained drownings
in Tanganyika.
None for over a month now.
Not since you've been back.
And Martin dead.
With chlorinated water
in his lungs
from the pool in this house.
Hey. John!
You killed him.
I baptised him.
I cleansed his lost soul.
No.
you killed him. John.
You killed Martin
just like you killed the others!
He wanted to find
a new home with the Lord!
And Andrew. Jerry. they all
turned their backs on him.
I didn't turn my back.
I tried to help him
see the light.
I knew the moment I saw him
that with a baptism.
I could save him.
If he'd just let me help him.
he would have seen God's light.
But he ran.
You will never
know what it's like. Alphy.
To see God's light.
John Planer. I'm arresting you
for the murder of Martin Mallon.
Secondary drowning.
Bloody knew it.
Another star
turn by Sergeant Peters.
And Mrs Peters?
We did it together.
We always do.
Er. there's something else
we've done together
that I need to
talk to you about.
-Me and you?
-Yes.
Gardening. Those maoris
we planted haven't come up
already. have they?
-No.
-The carrots?
-Never the corn.
A baby. A baby's come up. Larry.
A baby?
A baby.
-In there.
-Yes.
-How did that happen?
-Well.
I would do a reenactment
for you. but we're at work.
Our baby. My baby.
You happy?
I know there's a lot of things
we have to talk about. I'm...
Happy.
I love you.
And you.
We're having a baby.
She's having a baby.
Well. yeah. clearly.
Larry didn't know.
What.
"nothing gets past me" Larry?
I've got a new job.
I've been promoted.
Well. that's fantastic.
Chief Inspector.
Bloody hell.
Why didn't you tell me?
Because it means less of this.
Less of us.
Oh.
Well. maybe that's a good thing.
Maybe.
No distractions. yeah?
-Chief Inspector.
-Can you believe it?
Sorry. Sorry.
No. it's fine.
Bad day?
It's just that little boy
growing up without a father.
And there's nothing I can do.
You're doing so much. Leonard.
It's not enough. though. is it?
Of course it is.
Of course it's enough.
Look.
Sorry.
I feel I owe you an apology.
Tell Mrs C. I'll by tomorrow
for the casserole.
-My Lord.
-Mr Finch.
You were apologising?
I was.
My invitation didn't get lost
in the post. did it?
You didn't want me there.
I mean.
I don't see how
that has any relevance.
given the gravity
of the situation.
No. it has every relevance.
You'd rather be
in the company of men.
supposed men of God. who...
who turn their back
on the vulnerable.
who exploit them. and why?
Because of the colour
of my skin.
It has nothing to do
with the colour of your skin
and everything to do
with my daughter.
I made a mistake.
Are you really gonna punish me
for the rest of my career?
It sets
a terrible example. Alphy.
And the other men don't?
Where were your checks
and balances. John?
John killed people.
I didn't know that. I should
have been more robust
in investigating
who this man was.
He was a rotten apple.
We need more good men.
We do.
-What about Leonard?
-Mr Finch?
He could come back.
Not as a priest. maybe.
but as a lay preacher.
He's a homosexual. Alphy.
But I'm certain
I don't have to remind you
that it's not only unlawful.
it's sinful in the house of God.
What. like John? Like Andrew
using church funds?
Like. like Jerry?
Weak. pathetic. Jerry?
No. you talk about rots.
You haven't got
the faintest clue.
I don't accept that.
This isn't about faith.
ministry. or even God.
No. this is about prejudice.
The whole thing. you.
the church. it's flawed.
Of course it is.
It's full of people.
Humans. Humans are flawed.
That's why we come.
to change. to repent.
The difference is. though.
the difference
you're not getting Bishop.
is that you
and all those other men.
they get the right to be flawed.
They get the right to fail.
Something you've never
afforded Leonard
and certainly never afforded me.
You can see yourself out.